hey guys so it's time to do a quick
video here with the GTA senators here on
the lower-end devices here in the galaxy
a3 because people probably want to see
this so we do have the iPhone for us
when you have the remote 2g 2014 edition
we have the ACE 4 which also is a pretty
new device dual-core Kota say 53 here
during the 306 I think to the journal
305 and yeah so let's check this out
here shall we
I'm gonna run on medium visual effects
and the resolution is low on all of
these Android devices and shadows
classic in the core affections on low is
because these devices are a little bit
more lower end and we'll see which one
performs best here so let's fire this
game up now shall we
13 it's like the iPhone 4s Stefan it
takes the longest time to load so I'm
just going to start to play on the ACE 4
so as you see here you're kind of
stretching it here with performance
so you can see its play this game fine
here we need to lower the graphics
there's very different still lag a
little bit here there glitches
definitely when you drive fast
but the snow you draw here of course the
better performance overall now let's
check it out here on the a3 this is play
definitely looks nicer kind of feels
here like it performs little bit better
here than the ACE for
steel can slow down
but yeah definite forms better here than
the s4 it can actually perform through
really really good here but you also
listed I scroll I want to lower the
graphics
I'm really not sure why a German 3:06
performed this bad because I thought
that it wouldn't be better it's
definitely not okay for a 300-year of
phone if you definitely perform better
but wait the bigger display here then
the ACE 4 or this feels like and the
better form factor this one definitely
is better now let's check it out here on
the move to G 2014 edition
whoa what am i doing
this one has a journal three or five in
a seven and it's better that's a good
question I mean they are all kind of a
little bit similar it's kind of hard to
recognize so which one is a little bit
more powerful here
it's probably not a major difference
between the journal 306 GPU and a
journal 305 CU r if we lower it
this could actually be even better than
the a7 I mean the e3
yeah I think Ashley this one performs a
little bit better here than the then the
galaxy III probably because there's more
of a clean version of Android as well
not touch with
but of course the one that's probably
going to crush it here
the iPhone for us
Wow okay so there's a clear winner here
I mean the iPhone for us still kills in
gaming I mean it crushes still is a very
very capable device so they could
definitely be good there to know and it
may not have the biggest display but
with a great performance it's you know
it's nice
oh my god I there was some light there
as well but I mean clearly this one is
the best one so just quickly a video
checking that out hopefully you did in
joy let me know if you will see in
specific game and yeah
have an awesome sunlight peace